Update cheatsheets with tximeta relevant changes (#392)
AlexsLemonade/training-modules: module-cheatsheets/RNA-seq-cheatsheet.md

| `DESeq2`                | [`plotPCA()`](https://www.rdocumentation.org/packages/DESeq/versions/1.24.0/topics/plotPCA)             | PCA plot                                        | Produces a principal component analysis plot for transformed data. It can be used to visually inspect the data, which might allow an analyst to identify batch effects.   |
| `DESeq2`                | [`counts()`](https://www.rdocumentation.org/packages/DESeq2/versions/1.12.3/topics/counts)              | Counts                                          | Returns count matrix from `DESeqDataSet` object                         |                                                                                         
| `DESeq2`                | [`results()`](https://www.rdocumentation.org/packages/DESeq/versions/1.24.0/topics/results)             | Results                                         | Returns the results table from a DESeq2 analysis                         |                                                                                        

> | `DESeq2`                | [`assay()`](https://www.bioconductor.org/packages/devel/bioc/manuals/DESeq2/man/DESeq2.pdf)             | Assay                                           | Returns matrix from the `assay` slot of `DESeqDataSet` or `DESeqTransform`                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DESeq2`                | [`assay()`](https://www.bioconductor.org/packages/devel/bioc/manuals/DESeq2/man/DESeq2.pdf)             | Assay                                           | Returns matrix from the `assay` slot of a `DESeqDataSet` object                                        |
```

Do we mention `DESeqTransform`,the object and/or function, elsewhere? If not, I believe we can do without mention of it here.
